[Koichi]
So, uh...
Rohan Sensei?
Sorry to bother you
with this,
but I'd like to ask
for a favor,
if that's okay.
(scribbling noise)
All right,
let's hear it then.
Short version is,
this spring, I have
some plans to travel abroad.
[Rohan] Do you now?
Where to?
Uh... To Italy.
(gasp)
Italy?
Yes! Which brings me
to my request.
Could you please
use Heaven's Door
to make me fluent
in Italian?
I'm going to need you
to make a better case
for why I'd ever
do any such thing.
Okay, truth is I've never
left the country alone,
and I feel
extremely nervous,
so, at the very least,
I'd really like to be able
to speak the language.
Please help me out!
[Rohan]
(chuckle)
Bound for Italy, huh?
Perhaps you'd like
to hear a story
about my own time there.
(gasp)
When we first met,
I was forced
on a brief hiatus
due, in no small part,
to a certain someone.
(booming noise)
During that period of time,
I undertook some research
for my work,
a journey which took me
to Venice,
where I stayed
for eight days.
[Rohan]
And the story I discovered
was truly mind-boggling.
(opening theme music)
[Rohan] The story I am
about to share with you
is one which I,
Rohan Kishibe,
heard with
my very own ears.
Its genre is horror.
(somber music)
Tell me, do you know
what a confessional is?
The practice is found
in all Italian churches,
and occurs in a set
of wooden booths.
The one with the curtains
is occupied by
the parish priest,
while the other is occupied
by the parishioner.
A small window connects
their respective booths,
allowing them to hear
each other's voices.
However, at no point
can they see one another.
A very accommodating design,
it enables the parishioner
to confess their sins
without ever revealing
their identity.
The heart isn't built
to store secrets
indefinitely.
After many years,
it may break,
and, the graver the secret,
the greater the strain
it is forced to endure.
(bell ringing)
Thus, a confessional
provides a means
of relief for the heart.
Such was the wisdom
of its creators.
Though it was
against the rules,
I captured some photos while
the priest wasn't around,
to study the more
intricate details
of its design later.
And, for the sake
of the experience,
I thought I'd partake
in a confession of my own.
So, I entered the booth.
It would surely help
the authenticity of my work.
(somber music ending)
(hesitant grunt)
-(door opening)
-Hm?
[Confessor]
Father...
I have come to confess.
I...
I've committed
a great sin.
(groaning)
I cannot bear to hold it in
any longer.
Father...
I won't be able to sleep
until I confess.
-(piano music)
-[Rohan] I swear to you,
at the time, I did not know
the booth with the curtains
was actually meant
for the priest.
As a result,
I suddenly found myself
receiving a confession.
It...
It was a great
stroke of luck!
(chuckle)
What is this great sin?
Wouldn't hurt to listen
to the end.
Real experiences are
what yield great works.
It shouldn't matter
who hears the confession,
as long as this man
continues to believe
I am the priest,
I imagine there shouldn't be
any harm done.
Father...
[Confessor]
Is there something wrong?
(clears throat)
No, it's nothing.
Please proceed,
um, m-my child.
I...
How should I begin?
It was...
that evening.
[Confessor]
Yes.
All of this began
the evening of that day.
(soft piano music)
[Confessor] I was
24 years old at the time,
and made a modest living
at a food market
as a manual laborer.
I'd spend my days
hauling sacks of corn
between the storehouse
and the trucks.
It was hard work.
The job left me no time
for a personal life.
I was always working,
and I hated it.
Then, one day,
sometime after 6:00,
as work carried on late,
like it always did,
from the corner of my eye,
I spotted a man
approaching me.
The way he staggered,
the emptiness in his eyes,
the stench
that covered him...
I could tell at once
he was a vagrant.
[Vagrant]
I beg you,
spare me some food.
Please, sir.
[Confessor]
He sounded pitiful,
and I caught him
repeatedly stealing glances
at my meal on the table.
It made me swell
with anger.
I thought to myself,
"How dare he?"
I've been working
like a dog all day
while he's been
lazing around
in a park somewhere.
And he wants my food?!
What a selfish bastard!
You know,
whenever I get hungry,
I go and buy food with
my own hard-earned money,
so why, exactly,
can't you do the same?
[Confessor]
Tell you what,
you put away all these sacks
in the storehouse,
then I'll feed you.
I-I-I will work, sir,
I promise.
But, first, I'm begging you
to give me something to eat.
Please, I haven't eaten
in five days.
[Vagrant]
It's the truth!
I just need a little
something in the tank,
then I'll get right to it,
I swear!
-Please, sir.
-That isn't how things work.
[Confessor]
People only get paid
after they finish their job.
So, are you gonna
start hauling or what?
(hesitant groaning)
(complacent sigh)
[Vagrant]
(labored groaning)
[Confessor]
Whoa there, pal.
What do you think you're
doing with that tiny one?
-(gasp)
-Your sacks are over here.
Big boy like you can finish
in an hour, right?
Because I want
to go home already.
(labored groaning)
[Confessor] Too slow!
Pick up the pace!
Or did you decide you're
not that hungry, after all?
Seriously, you lazy
shit-smelling ass wipe.
Hey, I'm doing you a favor
by whipping your ass
into shape.
(labored groaning)
(collapsing thud)
Hm?
Oh, come on!
Do you actually think
I'm gonna fall for you
playing dead?
I mean, who faints
after just 10 minutes, huh?
[Vagrant]
You think I'm playing dead?
-(tense music)
-(gasp)
[Vagrant] Why don't you take
a closer look,
and then you can
tell me again
if you still think
I'm playing dead.
(scream)
What the hell are you?!
Let go of me!
What's wrong?
If you couldn't bear
the sight of me before,
why did you throw me
even deeper
into this putrid
sea of despair?
[Vagrant]
Mark my words,
I will never
forget your face, ever!
(frightened groaning)
I'll make sure
to pay you back properly
for what you've done
to me.
Wait for the happiest day
of your life.
It will happen
on the day you cherish
more than any other!
(frightened groaning)
I'll come back to pay you
a little visit
and take what I am owed.
My revenge!
(screaming)
Hey, over here!
I think there's somebody
crushed underneath
this sack.
(gasp)
-(bells ringing)
-He's dead!
-Oh shit, you're right!
-(worried groaning)
-He is!
-(bells intensify)
Someone! Call a doctor!
-No, wait! Police!
-(worried groaning)
(yelp)
[Confessor]
I-I didn't think...
When he said he hadn't
eaten for five days,
I couldn't tell
if he was lying.
Wait, what did you say?
I don't think
I heard you right.
The vagrant spoke
after he'd already died?
But how is
such a thing possible?
Are you sure you didn't
dream this encounter?
[Confessor]
Dream it?
Oh, how I wish
it had been a dream,
and I'm afraid I've yet to
get to the terrifying part.
Father...
Following that incident,
I experienced
an unnatural turn of luck.
First, I received
inheritance money.
After that,
I won the lottery.
I invested my winnings
in real estate
and quickly made
an incredible profit.
It was then that
I came up with the idea
of producing
corn-based snacks,
which all became
instant worldwide hits
the second
they hit the market.
And, after having spent
my life as a bachelor,
I got married.
My wife was a model
who had once graced
the Milan
Fashion Week stage.
My fortune was so vast,
I hardly knew
how to spend it.
At present,
my estate is staffed
with 15 servants
and three chauffeurs.
But my extreme success
came with constant anxiety.
Lurking in the back
of my mind
were thoughts
of that dead man
and what he had said.
[Daughter]
(panting)
Still, I eventually
became a father.
(giggle)
Daddy!
Over here!
[Confessor]
A beautiful girl,
just like her mother.
[Daughter] Hey, I wanna
show you a super cool trick!
Don't blink, 'kay?
(grunt)
Aww, I missed!
[Servant] Hey, now!
It's okay.
You were so close!
[Confessor] You accidentally
closed your eyes
at the end there.
Why don't you try again?
[Daughter]
Okay!
[Confessor]
As I stood there,
watching my daughter
having fun in the piazza,
my worries faded,
and I thought to myself,
"Oh, what a happy man I am!"
(intense screech)
(grunt)
(struggled groaning)
(gasp)
-(intense music)
-Just as I promised you...
(gagging)
(frightened groaning)
Just as I promised you,
I've come back for a visit
to give you
what you deserve.
(choking)
Young mistress,
are you all right?
[Vagrant]
Shut your mouth!
(struggled groaning)
It's fine, your daughter
will get her body back
when we're done.
Please stop this!
Let go of me!
You're making a mistake!
I've never wronged you
in any way!
Is that what you
really think?
Bold thing to say
to a dead man
after enjoying a life
filled with
everything you ever wanted.
Riches, renown, family,
am I right?
Tell me, did you
truly believe
you got here all alone,
without anyone secretly
pulling the strings
from beyond?! Huh?!
[Vagrant] Yes, I wanted you
to be at your peak
before I struck you down.
If only to give you
a small taste
of the despair
you wrought on me.
-(dramatic booming)
-But, now, I'm not sure.
On the one hand,
killing you
is the only thing
that will bring me peace.
But, on the other, it would
be a shame if you died
sincerely believing
you were innocent,
and I'd hate to perpetuate
any more injustice.
That'd be the worst,
wouldn't it?
So tell you what
we're gonna do.
How's about
we let fate decide
whether or not
you deserve to die today?
-(gasp)
-That's right,
you've still got
a chance at life,
if the heavens agree
with you, that is.
If destiny takes your side
and my grudges
are deemed baseless,
then I'll spare
your miserable life
and disappear,
and you'll never
hear from me again.
Nobody could ask
for a more impartial judge.
Now, wouldn't you agree?
[Vagrant]
Well, will you try your luck
or die where you stand?
I-I have no idea what
you're going on about...
You'll understand soon.
Now, answer!
Do you accept
these conditions or not?
[Confessor] Why?! Why is
this happening to me?!
Speak, you idiot!
Use that head
to think quickly,
or else
I'm cutting it off.
-(dramatic boom)
-(struggled groaning)
Y-Yes, I accept
the conditions.
(dramatic boom)
[Confessor] What other
choice do I have?!
-(dramatic boom)
-Good.
-(intense boom)
-Catch!
(panicked gasping)
[Vagrant]
Destiny can manifest
in ways we often overlook.
Throw a piece of popcorn
higher than that streetlamp
and catch it in your mouth
as it falls.
Do it three times in a row.
If you succeed,
destiny is on your side,
and I'll disappear
as promised.
A silly game
is deciding my fate?
I'll remind you
that my fate
will also be
affected by this.
You better watch
what you call a silly game.
[Vagrant] You'll throw
as soon as I clap my hands.
If the popcorn
doesn't fly high enough
or you take too long,
I'll kill you immediately.
So get ready, 'cause
we're starting right now!
No, wait!
Please give me a moment!
(holler)
(intense music)
Up it goes, and...
[Vagrant]
Clear.
But why?! Why am I being
forced to do this?!
(struggled grunting)
I can see it falling.
[Confessor]
(grunt)
(panicked groaning)
I- I can't see!
(intense noise)
-(intense boom)
-(panicked groaning)
-(munch)
[Confessor]
(grunt)
(gasp)
That was way too close,
but I actually did it!
I caught it!
[Confessor] (laugh)
That's one down.
(growling)
It's time for round two.
Grab another piece
of popcorn and let's go.
[Confessor] N-No, wait!
Please!
Th-The sun was in my eyes!
It completely
blinded me!
We can just continue this
in the shade, right?
[Vagrant] Next, you'll ask
for a juice box
and a pat on the head.
[Vagrant]
Huh?
You'll throw the popcorn
right here,
and you'll throw it
right now!
[Vagrant] Two more to go.
Hop to it!
And, remember,
if you miss, you die.
-(scared whimpering)
-And, if you succeed,
I'll disappear without
saying another word.
So, your second throw.
Now!
(intensifying noise)
If I make all three,
you swear you'll disappear
for good?
(dramatic booming)
If that's what it'll take
to save my life,
then so be it.
Enough talk,
make your throw now
or you're dead!
-(intense noise)
-(desperate holler)
(intense music)
All right...
Yeah!
This will be way easier
with the sun obscured,
I can see it coming
straight down to me.
(excited panting)
-(music intensifies)
-Huh?
-(music crescendo)
[Confessor]
No!
(flapping)
(scream)
(intense music)
Look at that,
how cute!
All the little birdies
wanna join the party.
(intense music continues)
(panicked groaning)
(bag ripping)
(gasps)
(music intensifies)
(munching)
-(booming noise)
-Oh yeah! Did you see me?
[Confessor] That there was
the second one in the can!
Boom, that's right!
I'm on a roll!
Man,
I can't believe I thought
this was gonna be difficult,
but I'm getting
the hang of it!
I can win!
Nothing can stop me now!
Feel free to celebrate
as much as your rotten
little heart desires
after we're actually done.
It's time
for the final throw.
Go ahead, asshole!
Smack those hands together.
Just one more...
(gasp)
-(nervous gasping)
-(pigeons cooing)
-(nervous grunt)
-(dramatic boom)
[Confessor]
(frustrated scream)
What the hell?!
You're screaming rather loud
for someone who brought
this down upon himself.
What did you think
was gonna happen
when you scattered
that whole bag of popcorn?
[Vagrant]
Just look at your face!
-(laugh)
-(nervous groaning)
-[Confessor] (nervous gasp)
-(pigeons cooing)
[Confessor] This is it.
The last one.
If I throw it higher
than the street lamp...
(intense boom)
[Confessor]
You greedy bastards!
Get out of here!
I'm all out.
There's nothing left!
-(intense boom)
-It's time.
Make your last throw.
(scream) Wait!
Just a second!
(smirk)
(intense music continues)
(gasp)
(holler)
How's that?!
Those stupid pigeons
won't go anywhere
near the fire!
[Confessor]
I oiled it up and lit it.
Worked like
a freaking charm!
Home stretch, baby!
Pack your bags
and get ready to bounce!
(laughing)
(gasp)
[Confessor] The flame...
W-Where did it go?
Damn it. The sunlight's
completely engulfed it!
This is bad.
-[Confessor] I can't see it!
-(intense noise)
No!
Where'd it go?
(panicked groaning)
(gasp)
[Vagrant]
Destiny has spoken.
Looks like
you did deserve
to lose your head,
after all.
(laughing)
(nervous gasp)
[Confessor] You're wondering
how I'm sitting here,
speaking with you
right now, aren't you?
Father...
You see, it's the same
reason for my visit today.
I cannot bear it myself
any longer.
That despicable sin
I've committed...
The spirit of that vagrant...
he'd made me so rich
that virtually nothing
was outside my grasp.
It took almost no effort
to find a servant
who would do anything
I commanded.
-[Servant] Master...
-(gasp)
Come out of there, please!
(gasp)
[Servant]
Master...
I've told you,
no matter how many times
you confess,
I will never leave you.
(nervous pant)
(soft organ music)
-(dramatic boom)
-(gasp)
You, who paid me off
to surgically discard
my old face
and take on yours,
only to throw me
into the mob.
Such a terrifying
nightmare,
without even
a second thought.
[Servant]
I will never forgive you.
I will bear this grudge
till the end of time.
(music intensifies)
So you're able to follow me,
even into the church?
Listen closely
to my words.
The day which
your sweet, dear daughter
cherishes
more than any other
will be the day that
I come to exact my revenge.
[Vagrant] Can't let him
out of your sight till then.
Otherwise,
he'll just cook up
another one of
those dirty tricks.
Wherever you may tread,
we'll be one step
behind you, always!
-(music blaring)
-(nervous gasps)
(music crescendo)
-(intense boom)
-[Okuyasu] Woah!
Now, that's scary!
Uh, Okuyasu?
And Yukiko?
Yo, Rohan Sensei.
Was that really a true story
you just told us?
Oh!
Excuse me,
could I get a thing
of boba tea over here?
-(chuckle)
-[Rohan] When did you
-show up, exactly?
-Huh?
And to so shamelessly
accuse me of lying.
Hang on, nobody said
you were lying.
I just think it's way more
likely that
those spooky,
angry ghost things
were stand users,
rather than vengeful spirits
or whatever, you know?
Well, either way,
they're remarkably patient.
Man, I can't imagine
having ghosts haunt me
for the rest of my life.
That's way too much.
(giggle)
Hey, Koichi, you'll
have to tell me right away
if that ever happens to you.
I'll come banish
the mean ghosts
before it lays
a finger on you.
[Koichi] Oh...
(nervous laugh)
-Thank you.
-[Yukiko] (giggle)
(somber piano music)
[Rohan] What's become
of that man since?
I, Rohan Kishibe,
have yet to discover.
I should give some thought
to paying him another visit.
Perhaps next year.
Or the year after.
He kept on walking,
even with those specters
trailing him.
Alone, yet undeterred.
His may not have been
a good heart,
but he is
undeniably resilient.
And it might be
that I am the only one
who thinks that about him.
(piano music end)
(ending theme music)